A gift from sumayya
Rehna Tu Pal Pal Dil Ke Paas
Stay close to my heart forever, dear.
Jurhi Rahe Tujhse Har Ik Saans
May I share every breath with you.
Khud Pe Pehle Na Itna Yakeen, Mujhko Ho Paya,
I couldn’t trust my inner feelings earlier.
Mushkil Si Ghadiyan Sab Huyi, Ab Jo Tu Aaya
The moments turned intense as you have arrived.
Ik Baat Kahu Tujhse,
Could I say something to you?
Tu Paas Hain Jo Mere,
Since You are here…
Seene Se Tere Sir Ko Laga Ke,
I want to put my head on your chest;
Sunti Main Rahu Naam Apna,
and keep hearing Your heart say my name.
Oh Likhdi Tere Naam Jindri Jaaniye,
I have devoted my life to You.
Bas Rehna Tere Naal Ve Zaruri Ae,
It has become my necessity to be with you.
Rehna Tu Pal Pal Dil Ke Pass,
Always keep close to my heart.
Judi Rahe Tujhse Har Ek Sans.
May I share every breath with you.
Seene Se Tere Sar Ko Laga Ke,
I would lay my head on your chest;
Sunta Main Rahoon Naam Apna, Naam Apna
and hear your heart chant my name. My name.
Naal Tere Ek Ghar Main Sochaan,
I dream to have a house with you.
Baari Kholaan Te Chan Dekh Jaave,
Where I would open the window and I will be able to see the moon.
Akhaan Ch Bitan Raatan Saariyan,
With open eyes, I dream of you at the nights.
Je Mann Laage Te Akh Na Laage,
If my mind settles for a while, my eyes still don’t let me sleep.
Pyaar Hi Odhein Te Pyaar Ki Khaana,
We would wrap ourselves with love and live by just consuming love.
Wich Koi Aave Te Pyaar Hi Aana,
If there has to be something between us. It can only be love.
Duniya Te Vich Aisi Duniya Tu Door,
Being part of this world, we are far from the world.
Hun Naal Tere Mera Har Sapna,
Now all my dreams are with you.

Seene Se Tere Sar Ko Laga Ke,
I would lay down on your chest.
Sunta Main Rahoon Naam Apna,  
 And keep hearing your heart chant my name.
Teri Ungliyon Se Asmaan Pe
Kheenchu Ik Lambi Lakeer,
Holding your fingers, I would draw a long line in the sky.
Aadha Tera Aadha Mera,
And split this world between two us. The first half would belong to you and other half to me.
Is Jahaan Mein Hum Do Ameer,We would be the only two riches of the world.
Koyi Nazar Na Aaye Mainu,
I don’t see anybody else but you.
Tu Duniya Ton Wakhri Ho Gayi,
You’re different than everyone in this entire world.
Uthaan Tainu Takda Jawaan,
I wake up and keep looking at you.
Tuhi Meri Naukri Ho Gayi,
As it is my job to do so (x2).
Eh Jo Dooriyan Ik Pal, Bhi Na Gawaara Ho,
I cannot bear these distances among us, even for a moment.
Chal Ghoomein Duniya Phir Sang Awara Ho,
Let’s roam the world and wander around together.
Seenay Se Tere Sar Ko Lagaake,
By putting my head on your chest.
Sunta Main Rahun Naam Apna,
I would love to keep hearing your heart say my name.
Haan Naam Apna, Naam Apna.
Yes! my name.
Rehna Tu Pal-Pal Dil Pe Paas,
Always keep close to my heart.
Judi Rahe Tujhse Har Ik Saans.
My we share each breathe together.
